I stopped going to Morongo Casino for a while and was intrigued to go back because of Pink Coffee commercial. The place looked so pink and fun. I went back to Morongo for its Pink Coffee. To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. The place doesn't look like the commercial Vietnamese iced coffee ($4.75): this is NOT Vietnamese iced coffee. I have been drinking Vietnamese iced coffee regularly during my adult life. An iced coffee is not automatically Vietnamese iced coffee (ca phe sua da) just because you add condensed milk to it. Make sure you use the right coffee for this. The ratio of coffee to milk to ice should also be considered. What I got was iced sweet MILK. It was horrible! Cappuccino: better than my Vietnamese iced coffee, but it wasn't special.  We also purchased 4 different cakes from Pink Coffee. We got 2 different chocolate cakes, a cheesecake and I think a banana rum bundt cake. I remember I didn't care for 2 of them and threw away the other 2 cakes.   Macaron VS macaroon.  Please learn the difference between macaron and macaroon. Macaron is a French meringue based cookie. Macaroon is made from shredded coconut. I mentioned the sign mixed-up to the worker and she was upset with me. She was also rude when we placed the order.  The only thing I liked from this place was the cute Chinese New Year mug.  I prefer San Manuel's casual Mo's Cafe over Morongo's fancy Pink Coffee. Mo's Cafe has a delicious turtle cheesecake that is always served with a smile, not an attitude. Management, please retrain your workers.  2 stars!! Pink Cofffee is not yummylicious!! This was a very convenient coffee shop, located right by the hotel elevators and pool entrance. Pasty was great; coffee was not very good at all. Seating was plentiful with some inside the shop and others "outside" in the foyer area. After seeing the television ads I guess I was expecting a bit more. Never say a harem of dancing 50's girls... maybe we were there during the "off season"? Also disappointing was that even "eat in" is served "to go". While a request for a plate was fulfilled, it was only with an annoyed look from the clerk and, what seemed to me to be, too much effort for a really simple request.
I love this place! It is always amazing and never disappointing. This is a must when visiting Morongo. I 100% recommend. The staff as well as everything they sell is amazing
Cute fun spot for a quick cup of coffee and yummy pastry. The pastry's are very sweet and hit the spot when you get an afternoon craving.  The staff is very polite and has good advice if you can't decide what to get!
If you ever see the TV commercials for this place you would think that this is a really happening type of place. Very far from that, is more like the fast food place in a Greyhound station
Would I come back? Maybe only for their pastries over their coffee any day. My coffee was literally halfway full & basically all sugar and foam.  Not satisfied. Starbucks over Pink Coffee. Sorry, but the service I had led me to reveal how I feel about this so-called establishment.
Not sure what they did to their macarons but there was something VERY wrong with mine! Brought them home and went to put them in an air tight container so I could put them in the fridge.  They shattered in my hands.... not soft AT ALL. It was like they were very stale.  Add to that I asked for one of each flavor and she only gave me 2 out of the 3 and I'm pretty disappointed.
For anyone who might be wondering --- their coffee is NOT Pink. We tried Iced caramel coffee and carrot cake. It was mediocre. Not a big deal. It would have been better to get the slice of cake on plate and not in a box. Also, sampled some gelato but ended up  not ordering (I have had better)
Better than Starbucks! The desserts are awesome and the staff are super nice!  If over in Cabazon a must go!
I'll have one of each please! These pastries are delicious. The sticky bun is one of my favorites, not to mention all of those muffins especially the blueberry. My recommendation for a cold drink is the iced mocha drink with almond milk. For hot drinks I recommend the chai latte. Well it's now Dec 25, 2019 Merry Christmas everyone, with that said unfortunately I had a bad experience with a couple of staff members at Pink coffee shop in the morongo casino in Cabazon. It's my tradition that my partner and I spend Christmas together every year at Morongo casino plus the casino is celebrating its 15 year anniversary, and we especially wanted to go see all the new renovations done within the casino floor, and the new room renovations as well. I am a diabetic and my blood sugar started to drop so I told my partner Pink coffee is open 24 hrs let's go grab a pastry and coffee sit & eat hoping my blood sugar would go up quickly before I passed out, well when I got to the counter two staff members were talking and didn't acknowledge me so I said hi, and they saw me but didn't acknowledge nor come over so I waived and said hello to attempt a second time to get either one of them to come over finally the male staff member acknowledged me, but was very rude to me which was uncalled for and at this point neither one of them came over until the female finally came over to help me I had a question about a pastry if it was lemon or pineapple besides let's not forget my blood sugar is continuing to drop, and this was the whole reason I went to pink coffee in the first place.  Well after getting my pastry I skipped the coffee at this point I was done, and as I walked away the male staff member was so mean giving rude comments I never gave either one of them a reason to be mad or mean to me the only thing I am guilty of is trying to make a pastry & coffee purchase I took the high road and ignored it, but I emailed the business owner Natalie in turn let Judith the manager know what went on plus before I checked out of the hotel I spoke with Judith and she was on top of it like a great manager should, and they both took my complaint seriously, and for that I give Pink coffee 5 stars for the great management of this establishment pink coffee & kudos to Natalie and Judith for their their team effort for looking into my complaint in which Judith had already reviewed the tape and saw what I had complained about was true so it wasn't a my word against their word due to the evidence.  Thanks again Natalie and Judith keep up the great work, and I wish Pink coffee great prosperity in 2020.
I want to write  re review about my experience with pinks coffee at Morongo casino. I had a cold brew coffee a few weeks back, and it was the worst coffee I had ever had & no amount of cream or sugar could take away the bitterness so I wrote a review about it. The owner reached out to me and said he would make sure the recipes were being followed or make changes if need be so I happen to have booked a room and I decided to talk to the manager on shift and explained my past experience her name is Judith, and she us the nicest person ever with great people skills her and I talked ability my experience and she tasted the cold brew and gave me so.e as well and I told her it didn't taste that good the day I had it, well we got to the bottom of it and there is a crew that us not following the recipe and is making the cold brew 3 to 4 times stronger than usual hence the bitterness problem solved. Judith said she would re train her staff to make the cold brew and other coffee as specified so that this doesn't happen again I wasn't the only o e who had complained about the coffee. I want to thank Judith for her professionalism & kindness she gave me and my friend free coffee and a pastry each and she assured us she would fix the issue with her staff.
I tried the new pink cafe the service is great and the pastries are delicious and reasonably priced compared to the old pastry shop they had before ugh. I gave them 3 stars due to the coffee could be better tasting I expected the coffee to taste great, but my cold brew coffee was bitter, and I had never tasted coffee so bitter and my friend ordered a Late and he was not impressed either, but the pastries A+, coffee nut so much. In my opinion they should have highlighted the pastries or a bakery and coffee 2nd, or work on serving better coffee plenty of room for improvement. I'll definitely be going back for the pastries the coffee not so much.
We came and we enjoyed a few deserts my girlfriend is the one who loves her deserts but I wasn't disappointed. I got the Bundt cake and it's been my go to ever since. It is very moist and taste amazing. Definitely coming back to try more.
The coffee is TERRIBLE. I got one and changed it for a simple cold brew and NOPE still so nasty.
Horrible coffee. Guess they're more known for their pastries. Had a Vietnamese coffee and it was really bad so I exchanged it for a cold brew but that was nasty and bitter.
I have to give you guys props, You guys came in clutch with this beautiful cake. The portion size surpassed all my expectations. I can't wait to try your red velvet, since I'm a sucker for that. I definitely recommend this place
There are plenty of pastries, however the price is a bit too much but I mean it is a casino lol. They have giant cookies and ice cream and a lot of other dessert options. My sis got a vanilla frappe and honestly I didn't like it but she did. I thought it was a bit too bitter but you gotta try to see for yourself. I want to try the giant cookie the next time I come here.
Stopped by here with my friend and just had to try their gelato. Brieanna was super patient and gave a few different recommendations. Their gelato was very delicious but the customer service is what really stood out to me. Thank you Pink coffee and thank you Brieanna!!
Their bakery are good, but really pricey. But again its in the casino of course everything cost more. I always got the vietnamese coffee. And its really good. Their macaroons are so good!! The workers there are nice!  I always got some credit from my rewards card so i love to spent it here.
Good coffee, although a little over priced but I am guessing that is b/c it's located in the hotel. Also the pastries are big and amazing, overall great place and staff is very helpful.
Was walking through and seen this cute cafe. Walk in and had a lemonade & my friend had a hot herbal tea.  The staff was very welcoming, kind and pleasant. We were welcomed and acknowledg'd as soon as we walked in.  My lemonade that they make in house was amazing,  refreshing very fresh too.  Natalie  manager on duty was amazing she had great suggestions know what pastries we would like and there gelato was great! This place is new and clean definitely a thumb up and I'll be going again!!!
Formerly known as Good Times Bakery, this place just had a significant relocation, upgrade and facelift. If you've got a sweet tooth, definitely stop in here for some amazing pastries.